I hope many people see this post! I am completely disgusted with Verizon. The initial set up was 4 months ago and it was downhill from there. I was told about different packages by the 1st sales rep I spoke to in May.  I was intentionally lied to about 2 different things. The price or the bill and that \"$250 gift card\" I was promised. 1st the rep I spoke to said my bill would average $120 a month and I have gotten 2 months of bills now each $135. When I called I was put on hold for 45 minutes to be told that I would have to downgrade service in order to have a lower bill. THEN I am told that I don\u2019t \"qualify\" for the gift card because I am getting a discounted program. HUH???? My bill through Xfinity was $125 a month with crappy service and now I am paying $135 a month for the same crappy service!!! Where is the discount if I am paying MORE than I did with Xfinity??? I found out that the extra $15 a month is their surcharges that the customer service reps can\u2019t even explain what they are for. The original sales rep was devious and a scammer!!!!! I was told what I wanted to hear so he could get my business. After being lied to and scammed by Verizon's customer service and sales, I contacted their tech support to find out why my cable keeps \"freezing up\"....another 20 minutes later I am told that they could send a tech guy out for $91!!!! SAY WHAT?????  SO NOW, I am stuck with the same crappy service I got with Xfinity and paying $15 more a month and no gift card. How convenient!  I believe the \u201cgift card deal\u201d is non-existent and just a way for their sales department to get business. On the Verizon website under their forums section there are MANY customers with this same situation and have never gotten the card.  I am seething right now and I am ready to rip out EVERYTHING and go back to Xfinity. At least with Xfinity they are upfront with their crappy service and make an attempt to fix the problem without additional charges. Please do not believe ANYTHING this company says! Also when they installed the services they felt the need to cut all the wires from Xfinity so it would be difficult to switch services back. NEVER AGAIN WILL I USE VERIZON and I will be sure to tell everyone and anyone that wants this service not to do it that they are a bunch of lying, scheming rip off artists!!!! I am so disgusted of getting ripped off by the corporations!!!! I am reporting them to the Better Business Bureau!
